add \n to playbooks readme (#2788)
demisto/demisto-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## Unreleased
* Added support for running **lint** in multiple native-docker images.

> * Added a newline at the end of playbooks README file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added a newline at the end of generated playbooks README files.
```
